12 spyder is the second car
presented by mclaren the two years
respecting the mclaren programs of ron
dennis who want introduced on
market a car this year
we brought the 12c that a preview
Italian the car to the same development
of the coupe so let's start from one
carbon platform weighing 75 kg
the engine is a 3008 biturbo that it develops
to 625 horses and we have all the
formula 1 technology set up
street there was a great job of the
mclaren engineers in building this
car especially with regards to
just the roof the car weighs only 40
more pounds than the coupe e
this is a great innovation that
who did was toria under a
mclaren carbon frame roof is
was the pioneer of carbon frames
in formula 1
1181 to the active suspension at the break
stir that brakes inside rear wheel
and acts as a self-locking differential
on the brake which is a brake
aerodynamics that from downforce on
rear braking performance the
before the class they remain unchanged
compared to the coupé thanks to the weight 0 100
in 3 seconds 10200 known seconds and novell
top speed and 329 at their price of
sale in Italy of 237,100 including VAT
the p1 is the car the supercar you will see
the light next year will be presented
in definitive guise at the Geneva Motor Show
it is a machine that will be in circulation
limited to 500 in the world
technical features are not known
however, the will still be noteworthy
most impressive on 103 100 not
however the data have been communicated yet
I think they are important data